Q1: Why did Brady's patch remove the line "case_long_iso_time_style:"?
Was it necessary to remove that line? Explain.

It was removed because it was not used anymore since the goto
statement in the second part of the patch was removed. It was not
necessary to remove this label, but it makes the code nicer to read.

Q2: If your company adopts this patched version of Coreutils instead
of the default one, what else should you watch out for? Might this new
version of Coreutils introduce other problems with your application,
perhaps in countries where users don't speak English and don't
understand English-format dates?

You should watch out for the fact that for some countries, it changes
the number of fields for the output of ls -l, so some scripts that
parse ls output may not work properly. Also in countries where english
is not the default language and they format dates differently, in the
english locale for that country the date format will be in the english
style. Thus it would be confusing for them to have a different format
when the language is changed.

Q3: What happens when this script is invoked on an empty file like
/dev/null, and why?

An IndexError is thrown because there are no lines to choose. The
script tries to pick a random line from the file given by creating an
array of lines to choose from. But the array is empty, so trying to
access an element of it results in an error.

Q4: What happens when this script is invoked with Python 3 rather than
Python 2, and why?

A syntax error occurs on line 65. The line contains

except IOError as (errno, strerror):

The syntax error occurs because of a change made in the language. In
python 2, the code in parenthesis is valid but it is not valid in
python 3. In python 2 this code iterates over the parameters of the
error and stores them as the variables errno and strerror. In python 3
this is not valid, because it is confusing and violates the principle
that explicit is better than implicit.

